Support for wildcards and override option for dot_expander processor (#74601)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/ingest/processors/dot-expand.asciidoc

.Dot Expand Options
[options="header"]
|======
| Name      | Required  | Default  | Description

> | `field`   | yes       | -        | The field to expand into an object field. If set to `*`, all fields will be expanded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `field`   | yes       | -        | The field to expand into an object field. If set to `*`, all top-level fields will be expanded.
```

| `path`    | no        | -        | The field that contains the field to expand. Only required if the field to expand is part another object field, because the `field` option can only understand leaf fields.

> | `override`| no        | false    | Controls the behavior when there is already an exising nested object that conflicts with the expanded field.
>                                      When set to `false`, the processor will merge conflicts by turning appending the expanded value for array values or by turning scalar values into an array that holds both the old and the new value.
>                                      When set to `true`, the value from the expanded field will override the existing value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `override`| no        | false    | Controls the behavior when there is already an existing nested object that conflicts with the expanded field. When `false`, the processor will merge conflicts by combining the old and the new values into an array. When `true`, the value from the expanded field will overwrite the existing value.
```

--------------------------------------------------
// NOTCONSOLE

Contrast that with when the `override` option is set to `true`.

[source,js]
--------------------------------------------------
{
  "dot_expander": {
    "field": "foo.bar",
    "override": true
  }
}
--------------------------------------------------
// NOTCONSOLE

In that case, the value of the expanded field overrides the value of the nested object.

[source,js]
--------------------------------------------------
{
  "foo" : {
    "bar" : "value2"
  }
}
--------------------------------------------------
// NOTCONSOLE

'''

> The field can also be set to a `*` to expand all dotted field names:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The value of `field` can also be set to a `*` to expand all top-level dotted field names:
```

[source,js]
--------------------------------------------------
{
  "dot_expander": {
    "field": "foo.bar",
    "override": true
  }
}
--------------------------------------------------
// NOTCONSOLE

In that case, the value of the expanded field overrides the value of the nested object.

[source,js]
--------------------------------------------------
{
  "foo" : {
    "bar" : "value2"
  }
}
--------------------------------------------------
// NOTCONSOLE

'''

The field can also be set to a `*` to expand all dotted field names:

[source,js]
--------------------------------------------------
{
  "dot_expander": {
    "field": "*"
  }
}
--------------------------------------------------
// NOTCONSOLE

The dot expand processor would turn this document:

[source,js]
--------------------------------------------------
{
  "foo.bar" : "value",
  "baz.qux" : "value"
}
--------------------------------------------------
// NOTCONSOLE

into:

[source,js]
--------------------------------------------------
{
  "foo" : {
    "bar" : "value"
  },
  "baz" : {
    "qux" : "value"
  }
}
--------------------------------------------------

> 

Author: ```suggestion
// NOTCONSOLE

```

    {
      "rename" : {
        "field" : "foo",

>         "target_field" : "foo.bar"

Reviewer: Thanks for fixing this!
